chicken_tikka  550 pizza
bar_b_b 600 pizza
double_decker  650 pizza
peri_peri 800 pizza
mexican_grill 700 pizza
plain_fries 150 freis
masla_fries  180 freis
bbq_fries 200 freis
mayo_fries 250 freis
pizza_fries 300 freis
patty_burger 150 burger
zinger 250 burger
grill_burger 280 burger
peri_peri_burger 320 burger
jalapeno_burger 380 burger
black_pepper_steak 600 steak
mushroom_steak 650 steak
mexican_steak 720 steak
stuff_cheese_steak 770 steak
nutella_shake 200 shake
chocolate_shake 180 shake
oreo_shake 150 shake
cold_coffe 130 shake
cadbury_cup 120 ice_cream
ice_cream_cup 100 ice_cream

